To see how to take EBS snapshot copy from one region to another region.
So between regions, if you want to take k EBS snapshot, copy,
how you can take, right,
that we are going to implement here.
And friends before going to implement that this code with your Python bottled three.
First of all, what is the need to take
your snapshot copy from one region to another region.
So generally in your real time, right?
So because of this,
you are taking your snapshot copy from one region to another region.
So if you want to expand your application across your GOP geographics, right?
Or if you want to migrate your application from one region to another region,
or most of the cases for disaster recovery, right?
You know what is mean by recovery right?
Now, just assume that in our case,
our requirement is for disaster recovery,
whether it is disaster recovery or geographic expansion or migration, right?
Whatever it may be proceeding is same.
What you are doing here simply you are making
a copy of your snapshot from one region to another region.
Once you take to other region there,
if you want to launch your application,
you can lunch if you want to migrate, right?
Or you can also maintaining disaster recovery for your snapshot of one region, right?
Okay, so base, before going to implement your script,
Let me open my ec2 service because
your snapshot EBS snapshots or they're under your ec2 service on the light.
Absorbed that I'm having some snapshots here for you, my EBS.
So which are wound by me, right?
I how four snapshots which are owned by me.
So you guys, if you go with your public snapshots,
there are almost two thousand,
twenty two thousand plus snapshot, sorry, here.
Right?
But I don't want to work on them.
I want to work with only on my wound.
Snapshots I'm having for now,
whether I need to take a copy of this for snapshot,
two different regions or some of them.
Write C to identify that already a house.
Some tags for my snapshots.
Let me select first some snapshot and observe that there is a tag.
And this tag consists of information like delete_one, 90 days.
Anyway, I have one more step to delete this two snapshots of a 90 days.
That's secondary script.
Now currently we are working on backup means
you're taking a copy of this snapshot, two different region.
So to identify for reaches snapshots,
I need to take a copy to identify that I already have a tax backup.
Yes.
Means only this snapshot.
I need to take a copy of this snapshot into different regime.
Let's select one more thing.
Now for that, I don't have any backup as yes means I don't need to maintain IT.
Disaster recovery. For disaster recovery.
Point of view, I don't need to maintain a copy.
But if I select one more thing,
C for this natural again and have a backup, Yes, yes.
That means now our concept is the snapshots which are having tags as backup ES.
For those snapshots only,
I need to copy from one region to another region.
Right?
So guys, before going to take a copy of your snapshot from one region to another region.
First, you need to identify which snapshots, right?
For which snapshots you need copy.
Right.
So let me implement our core.
Let me open an editor.
Here. I am implementing this code on my local host,
the same code you can implement even in your lambda also.
First I will implement here,
then I will show you anyway lambda also, right?
So let me save this as snaps.
Copy.
Between regions dot p
y. I'm using here
Sublime Text or simply if you are getting any confusion with some plain text,
you can also use VA, VA emerita, right?
So guys, I'm importing first Bordeaux 3p, right?
See, you are running this on your local host.
So before running this,
right, you need to check whether voter three is there or not.
That's why I'm writing anyway by
default do is some system models are there with your Python.
So now I'm trying to import my moto three with the help of try.
Right? If, if it is success,
right, if it is there,
then I can write imported voter three successfully, right?
If something goes wrong, right?
What I want to do is I need to handle that exception,
accept exception as He,
then I want to print it that exception what we are getting.
So if you have any adsorption while inputting your Bourdieu three,
I don't want to run my core because my entire code is depending on both 2-3.
If you're getting exception means voter three is not present that for you,
I'm going to exit my script.
That's a fine.
So this first thing you need to collect,
thus snapshots, which requires backups.
And you are going to copy that snapshot from one region to another region.
That's why I'm going to define some variables.
First.
They are like source region,
from which region you want to copy, right?
So they're actually not identify, first of all,
all the snapshots which requires backups, right?
That's why I'm taking suppose source region, US East One.
You can take any region, then destination region.
I am going to take it as us is 22. Right?
Now.
That's fine. And one more thing, nice.
You're running this code from your local host.
And you know, in our previous videos also,
we are creating a session.
So why we are creating session means we
configured the credentials of one IAM user with some profile limb.
That's why first you have to create a session.
So that is nothing but moto three dots Session.get.
Shen, then just to provide profile name,
whatever you selected, wild configuring your credentials on your local host.
I selected that as root.
Now, first we need to collect to
all the snapshots which are present in the source region.
That's why I'm going to create some EC2 Console object.
But you know that we can create
EC2 Console object using resource as well as client object.
As of now, I am going to create ec2.
This is for source in the source location,
that means in the US East one, right? Using client.
So you can go with resource as well.
But for simplicity, Barbosa,
I'm going with client.
So shen dot client, then service name.
So with what service you want to work easy too,
because under EC2 only how your EBS volumes,
snapshots, then regime name.
So from which reason you want to make a copy to other region, right?
That is nothing but already we,
silicon has a variable called source region. That's it.
Okay.
Fine.
Now, before going to get tic,
before going to create a copy of your snapshot from one region to another region,
you know, to collect all your snapshots based on your requirement, right?
C2, collect your snapshots, right?
How you can get all your snapshot through your moto three script, right?
So if you remember, somewhere I have seen,
we have seen already how to get all your snapshots.
Ec2. Sorry, from each let me print.
Yeah, we are taking a client, right?
So for each snap in your EC2 source client dot describe snapshots.
Print each snap, right?
So guys, if I run this,
right, if I run this,
what is the output you are going to get means you are going to
get almost 20 to 1000 snapshot IDs.
But in Iraq and you don't know that many snapshots.
Because whenever if you do describe snapshot operation,
it is going to collect all your public, private,
underwater owned snapshots, but you need to get only particular to your account.
That's why first, get your account ID anyway,
can directly provide Yoda can tidy,
but I don't want to provide my account ID directly.
I want to get this account ID.
So if you want to get your account ID,
you need to create your SPS object, right?
I'm going to already,
if you observe here somewhere,
I explained that how to get your AWS account ID right in,
in our Udemy course, you can go through this before implementing this line.
So what is the purpose to get your account ID means by default,
describe snapshots operation will get all the snapshots which are present in your AWS,
not in your account in general.
Do you want to get particular to your AWS or
conduct so you need to provide your warner ID here.
Let me open your boat O3 documentation there you can see option called owner IDs, right?
So you can provide multiple owner ID so that you can see
snapshots which are littered with your multiple Owner IDs.
So let me open available services here.
So here is C2.
Under EC2, right?
We are going to select a client method,
client object we are creating right?
Already be clear, Dear client, client.
That's why under Iso,
just select a client.
So inclined.
Right, describe snapshots.
Let me go into the describe snapshots.
Just select this, not come down on observed
that there is an option called Warner IDs, right?
So we can provide here while describing your operation,
you can provide your own IDs.
I can borrow it directly, my one of ID,
but I want to get that wonder IDs also
through your boat to three script. Yes, you can get it.
So simply you are Session.get from that.
Just use client object
because for a sts you have only client already, we discussed that, right?
So service name equals two. Sds.
Just provide any region name.
Here isn't M is you can provide anything because
you're not going to work with any particular service you are getting,
particularly your account ID.
So a cone radius, same across all regions.
Let's make him grow at any region, India.
Now.
See if you go with the SPS,
Let me open your STS service.
So in this SDS service, right now anyway,
only client get call ride entity operation is there not get color identity.
Right?
So under that, so let
me first STS client in the odd get color Identity, dot get.
What do you need?
A cone, right?
That's it.
Now, just provide here account ID.
So if you want to provide multiple account IDs,
yes, you can provide it.
Now let me save this and run it.
See the output, what you are going to get on is indentation errors.
Let me clarify this.
Yeah.
Fine.
So your moto three imported successfully.
Now, yeah, you need to get your snapshots right,
let me take here,
because after describing your option,
if you observe here,
I'm in Describe your snapshots.
So what is the output you're going to get described snapshot for this response.
If you observe, come down and see the response.
This is one of the key and this response we need, right?
Not phi dot get.
Let me complete this file.
Now let me run this.
They're the output what you are going to get your
getting as of no force snapshots if you have done here,
this is 1234 dictionaries are there means you are getting four snapshots,
IDs information because you never are gone for snapshots.
But the thing is we need to identify only those snapshots
which are having backup as yes, indeed, tags.
That's why before describing your option,
you need to apply some fetus.
So now what the filter in neediness, filter for backup.
So you know, filter is a standard syntax that is
a dictionary and which consists of a name, right?
And values as it keep.
We discussed in our previous videos as well,
Goyal describing your EC2 instances, right?
So yes, so no,
just know you cater to one freedom.
That filter you have to apply here.
So simply filters equals two.
So our filter is backup filter.
Now save it and run it and see the output what you are going to get.
So previously got four outputs,
now you got only two dictionaries, right?
That means the tags which are having with the backup as yes, right?
Those tags only you are able to fetch.
That means now in your hand you how your snapshot IDs,
I'm going require snapshot IDs.
Let me print only snapshot IDs.
You should've displaying entire information.
Right?
Say let me print that. Not good.
Now let me run this and see the output.
Now you're going to get only two snapshot IDs, right?
Quantify and unify other there.
Let me expand this 25,
which is having backup as yes and 0 phi Anyway,
this is also having backup as he is.
Now. I don't want to display this actually.
Right? I need to take a backup for these.
That's why I'm storing back the snaps as a list.
And in this list I'm going to store all your snapshot IDs which you want to take.
Backup, dot append.
That's it, right?
So just know you collected all your snapshots.
Now the second part in your queries,
you need to take a copy of the snapshot IDs into different location.
I'm indifferent regime, right?
So for what region?
I mean two, which region you mean you need to take a copy of this, right?
For that you need to create the object.
So now actually how here easy to source client object.
Now, I want to create destination,
easy to destination client object because for that I need to
take a copy into that location and it would take a copy.
So simply, instead of source region,
just now create your destination region. That's it.
Right now, guys, just to go to your official documentation, right?
Let me select your EC2 once again.
And client, if you observe here somewhere your option called Kopi snapshot,
just click on that and see that what you want to provide for that response.
If you want to capture this response,
we can calculate R0 is no column.
Client, this is nothing but destination object,
destination you are EC2 client object, copy snapshot, right?
C, Let me take it.
So I need to take a copy of the snapshots which are
present in this variable back backup snapshots, right?
So first of all, to take it copy,
I need to take one by one snapshot, right, is from this.
That's why what I'm doing is for each snap, that is source,
for each, i will take variable in this phase sources snap ID anywhere.
Backup snapshot, right?
Just simply I'm printing taking backup
for the ID of the dot format.
Each source snap ID into four, which region?
Into whatever the destination region, you know,
let me write that destination region.
So base as if no, I'm not taking copy,
just I'm printing the information whether it is working,
what Mark just said, the output, right?
See this natural ideas you're going to take into,
in this US east to two same wave, four seconds on.
But you have to write a code here to take your snapshot.
Not to write your code. It's very simple.
Copies snapshot, right?
So let me write here simple code from your easy to destination client dot.
Let me remove one dot, copy snapshot.
Want you need to provide description.
If you want to provide any description you can provide.
And this is a string, right?
That we provide for disaster recovery.
That is, suppose my description then if you want to
encrypt just to make it as a true and what is the encryption string you can use it.
I am, I'm skipping these two parts.
I don't want to encrypt then source,
region, from which source you are.
I mean from which region you are going to take a copy.
So already our source region is storing in a variable called source region,
then Sources snapshot ID.
So these ID you are taking one by one with the help of four loop here.
That is each source snapshot ID.
Right? So dried on equals to false or to.
Anyway, we need to execute this script,
right, anyway, how permissions for this?
That's why I don't want to include this dried on equals
true or false by default when he takes good my code,
that's why I'm not writing right on equals, true.
That's a let me save this.
And so your code is ready.
Before going to exclude your core,
let me open my US east to two.
And let me check it whether do we have any snapshots here or not?
Let me go with the snapshots.
See here, I don't know any snapshots here.
Right now what I'm doing is I am going to run this script.
Let's let me run it.
Yeah, I started, right.
So you collected and taking a backup and yet
done just to refresh here and see the output?
Yes.
Right here, if you observe,
your script is done, it is exited.
But still it was status of your snapshot is in pending status.
But I want to make it, I mean,
my script has to exit off after completion of status in,
I mean in status is reached to completed offer that only I need to exit from my script.
So my scrip has to wait until the status of your snapshot is completed.
So at that time what you had to do in
our previous video while taking a snapshot from your volume,
volumes, EBS volumes, we included waiters.
You just tried to apply that waiters here.
Right?
So if you face any challenges while taking it,
while I'm playing waiters here,
just let me know so that I will help you.
Okay? Okay.
Yes. And I am giving here one more task for you.
That is, suppose just know we are taken, right?
Snapshots copy from one region to another region.
I mean, in the source destination,
whatever the snapshots you are having for that,
you have taken a copy into different region.
But if I read on my code,
again, you are going to take your snapshots,
but I want to already I have taken,
that's why if I read on my coordinate should not work.
I mean, it should not take a copy for already taken snapshots.
So for that, what you have to do, right?
So after the completion of taking
copy of your snapshot from this region to other regions.
So basically you are identifying the snapshot based on
tags and we tease having a key as backup and value as yes.
Now what you had to do,
E's often completion of your backup to different region.
Just make these key backup value into completed so that whenever if you run next time,
it won't pick this snapshot.
Right? So for that,
you just implement your core.
So how you can implement that is,
let me open your moto three.
If you observe here we have deleted tags.
Right?
Just deleted tag.
Sources means your snapshot. Right?
Then bags, what are the tag you want to delete?
You just delete existing tags and tried to create new tags.
C2 create tag also you how option?
Where it is created tags,
right? Well, I will do one thing.
I will open this in one tab.
And nearly dogs, also N1 tau.
So this is for create, delete.
Then how to delete your tags, right?
C. So dust, no,
let me EBS snapshot,
copy to destination.
Region is completed.
Just I am writing that information.
Then print.
Modifying tags for the snapshots
for which backup is done by copies completed.
That's it.
So how you can do that?
So first take one by one,
you will snap from a snapshot source,
snapshot in your backups, naps, right?
So here, very simple,
plain to dot delete tags, right?
So, so claimed is nothing but here,
what is your client source you are,
you are removing from source, right?
So then how you can delete that will let me take it my EC2 source client dot.
You have already copied that, right?
Let me delete tags.
But for this, you have some resource option, right?
Resources. Resources.
It can write even if you want,
write one-by-one next line,
you can also write in this way.
So resources, what is your resource snapshot id.
Each snapshot ID.
Right? Then after that,
what do you want to provide?
So I need to provide tags for this.
What is the tags I want to delete?
Simon? What other tags I need could delete for this.
So if you observe here you have tags, right?
And in the tags, you need to write a dictionary format to tag.
So in that key,
this is fixed one.
Now in our case, what is our key?
Our keys backup.
Right?
Then. What is value?
Yes.
Yes, we have currently.
But after completion of that, I need to delete that.
Yes. But I want to create a new tag right then.
So deletion is done immediately just to create your new tags,
EC2, source, client, and dot, right?
So you have already your syntax here to create a tags. And that's it.
Then just simply provide your resource IDs. Same thing.
Let me copy and paste it.
The only thing you have to make it CSS2.
Guess as to complete it.
That's a fine.
So here I want write some essays like print, deleting older tags.
And then here I'm going to write creating new tags.
So if you want to write for snapshot ID, you can write it.
Format your each source snapshot.
So here also you can write it bold tags for.
Let me save this. So less as of now,
let me remove destination snapshots.
Anyway, low-balling again redone,
but I want to tell you that I don't want to keep them and just let me delete them.
Than right.
Now I'm running our code.
Just observe
the output format,
creating new tags.
Okay?
So here I need to close our parentheses.
Yes.
For this, I forgot to close this parenthesis.
Let me run it and see the output.
If you have any errors, we'll rectify that.
Taking backup done source client ID,
name EC2 source client ID is not defined. Lenin, but 35.
Here it is deleted, right? Yeah, Nobel.
Okay. Now see that just now we'd done our core.
It is creating two snapshots.
But anyway, tags, we did not delete it.
Let me rerun the code so that it will create again, once again snapshots.
But if it is perfect,
it will delete your old data and creating new tags, right?
As of no, even let me check in our,
our source snapshots with the tags.
Once our script is completed successfully,
then our snapshots tag should be modified.
As of no DCS, right?
Let me read on our code.
Oh, EC2, client ID where it is man.
Deleting old snap short tags for all client.read elite tag's name in-situ source client.
Who will shed client who we MR.
This year, unnecessarily very Harrington B. Yeah.
No problem. Once again,
just now we're done because of that, right?
In your destination location now you have four snapshots.
Previously to now to you have to verify that.
Yes, fine. Now, in our source location,
let me select source.
Right before running our code,
just crosscheck your tags.
Still it is, yes, no,
let me run this and see the output.
You hope this will success at least no.
Claimed id is not defined clear tax.
Who shared here also?
Same mystic.
Yeah.
But now you have taken tags on,
you deleted your tags.
C, You don't have any tags here,
but we need to create a tags.
That's why. Let me write once again tags.
I think for this fight,
I save this, right?
Let me yes,
your skipped past success.
Not just to go and see newer destination region.
See the number of snapshots which you are having currently,
you how he ate right?
Now. Just come to your source and see that tags because you're skeptical success note,
you create a new tags.
Then see the tags for each and every snapshot.
Now it is completed,
not as that means already you have taken a snapshot for these.
That's why whenever if I run in future stayed the same code for the same snapshot ID,
I should not take a backup already.
A how and that's why I make are this right back up as completed? Same way.
Evens or anybody for this,
you don't have any backup option.
For this, you have backup option now that is complicated.
Now currently in your destination you how eight snapshots.
Right?
Now if I rerun our code with any number of times,
you won't take any backups for already taken snapshots, backups.
See, I'm running this.
Iran already once now a second time.
So previously, if it does success,
the code has taken the snapshot.
Snapshot should be like dual.
But still you how ate only that means successfully,
you modified bags for your snapshots offer take net backup, right?
This is the complete code.
Could take a copy of your snapshot, two different region.
After taking snapshot, you will need to market as completed.
That's why backup, tag value,
how modified as completed? The same core.
Suppose if you want to run through your lambda.
So regularly, if you want to run this repeatedly, right?
So every day I want to run once so that if any new snapshots are created for that,
I need to take a backup to different region.
Then you can differently around this core through your lambda.
Because lambda you can schedule your job.
Of course, even from your local host,
you can schedule some cron jobs, right?
But I don't want to schedule cron jobs.
See what I can do 0s because in your lambda Uno,
the code should be, their entire code should be there under your Lambda handler.
That's why yes, no,
I am taking this as a core.
Nothing is there just to go to your lambda that we create.
Before that we are under destination.
Let me delete all of them.
Now through lambda also we will see is two lambda, right?
Lambda.
So I wanted
to get this in US East one lambda function. Okay?
So functions,
right, create new function already a house some functions,
let me create a new one.
So here our function is EBS maps.
You can call it any name, but shorter will limbs maps to snaps between regions.
So we want to implement this with L PAF lambda.
So let me select lambda and suppose you can start there,
Python 3.4x auto dot seven,
whatever it may be, ocean you can select it.
So there's, you know, lambda needs some IAM role you
can select from here or after creation of your function,
you can also select your lambda rule, right?
And you need to remember that whenever if you're executing or
Python moto three script through lambda, right?
In your Even in near real time.
Also, most of the cases you are going to execute with the help of roles only,
right? Let me show you that.
Now, just to delete these core and a copy,
whatever the core you have in your hand under lambda.
So guys here, just to provide this indentation,
I rearranged my code by copying here and I provide some space here.
Okay, that's fine.
Now the thing is, whenever if you're working from lambda,
don't create any session, right?
We are not using any credentials, right?
You are using some IAM role.
That's why it directly create Bhutto three dot your client.
I mean, whatever the object console you want to create,
simply Bhutto three dot.
Don't need any session object here.
So session object is only from whenever if you're running your code from your local host.
That's it.
So somewhere we created our destination object files right here also simply moto three.
Right? Save it.
Fine. So as of now,
I'm not skilled dealing a job means every day,
morning, six AM, automatically the script has to run on if
any new snapshots or inferring source location for them.
I'm protect gay copy for destination transient, right?
So for the EU to schedule your job,
right, so that you can schedule using your CloudWatch Events.
Let me add it so they will be clear for you.
And before that I saw,
let me assign your role for this.
So execution role, right?
Use an existing rule,
already has some rules.
Let me select my role is I think
this is the role which is having full access and execution time.
Suppose I am going to use some three minutes, right? Fine.
Now if you want write some description undemanding,
they can write tags for your lambda.
If you want to provide some environment variable, you can probably.
So as of now, we are not using them.
Yes, we will use after some time.
So your code is done. Right?
Now, schedule it.
Let me schedule this job. Configuration required.
Just click on that and come down.
So create a new rule.
So that rule is KBS between regions.
So between regions I am writing description.
And here guys, you can use a scheduled expression or even to pattern.
So scheduling expression is nothing but at what time you want to take a backup, right?
So you can schedule some job here
using two is using a the rate expression or comets fashion.
So chronic expression, you have to provide exact time, whatever it may be.
Now for your understanding purpose,
what I am doing is simply I'm taking a rate one minute
after one minute automatically it has to take snapshot.
I mean, this code has to run, right?
So if you want to schedule like everyday,
Let me take this directly. Suppose everyday.
This is as per UTC time race ever day six AM.
Now if you save this code like this, right,
whenever 06:00 AM occurs at the time automatically your code will run and incase if you
identify em in your code is identified any new snapshots which are having tags,
valid key as backup on Values areas.
Those snapshot IDs which will take it back up.
Good destination location, right?
So this is the expression you want to schedule your job for everyday or 06:00 AM.
But I need because I need to show you how it is going to execute.
That's why I'm going to take in this way rate of one minute or two minutes.
Let me take simply one minute.
So after one minute it has clear execute,
right? Let me save it.
What happened?
You May 2.
Mode.
Cloudwatch Events, configuration.
Create new rule.
I'm digging simply in-between regions.
You can provide your description here.
So I'm going to write rate.
Let me take suppose two minutes otherwise.
And then sail the score.
Fine, right?
So after two minutes it will run.
But the problem is right.
You don't have any snapshots which are having tags of key as,
backup and value as yes,
because already you modified whenever while running your code from your local host.
No, let me change for at least one is
one snapshot backup Azi s. So after two maids automatically you'll run.
So before getting to minutes,
let me modify immediately my snapshots.
For one of the snapshot I will modify tagged as it should have complete,
you know, let me modify this as yes.
So now after two minutes automatically or code will run and in the destination location,
let me go with your destination.
After two minutes you will get only one snapshot because out of
four Yao only for one snapshot backup as yes.
I just wait for two minutes.
After two minutes, just refresh it so that you will
get a snapshot in the different lesion.
Okay, and just wait for two minutes.
Why it's not taking a snapshot.
Streams, please try again,
but inflation in this patient.
We help take
our CloudWatch.
Two minutes.
Perfect.
Once again, you know, source region
is they're not walking.
This, uncheck it manually first.
Let me run this once.
You know lambda is based on events,
even though if you don't want to provide
any event or at least you have to provide some test random event.
Mao district and see the output once.
Yes, sorry, this is the reason we are unable to execute our core.
I forgot to import both A3.
Right? You'll save it.
Es knowledge district ones.
So if I test it,
messes.
Lie number two. What is that?
Smallest lesion in syntax or in more Q lambda function?
I number two.
In module three, source and destination region
three, that's fine.
Model three,
we had,
we defined what it's minus tick.
So every contest, you know,
if it is success.
Yes. Your in this case it was success.
Let me go and see anywhere.
Here. I'm going to open one more.
So you know, you are getting only one snapshot because if you observe in the destination,
right, let me already we earn destination.
And the destination, we change you only for one EC2, sorry,
one snapshot, the tag value as backup to yes.
Now after completion of your core through lambda, right?
If you observe four snapshots which you are having this anyway,
for this only we modify nowadays got completed.
Now let me modify this one.
So again, these are tag. Yes, yes.
And so I need to read on the score
through by adding CloudWatch Events is by scheduling a job.
So this here we are scheduling a job based on a rate expression.
So you can also schedule this from your CloudWatch console also.
Right?
Let me save it and rate.
So we have to wait two more minutes to verify this,
right of two minutes.
The object let me add and save it.
So as you had to wait for two more minutes so that you can see
one more backup here, right?
Just wait for two minutes.
So because this you-how?
Yes, after completion of our code through lambda,
it will become automatically competed.
And here you will get one more snapshot, right?
Okay, then wait for two minutes and observe the output.
You got it.
Right. Offer scheduling your two minutes, right.
You got the word snapshot automatically here.
Now after that, if you go through
your destination and actually you have taken this backup as yes.
Now already our code has been executed and that means we have taken
a backup on offer that we are modifying through our skipped backup as complicated,
so I'm going to modify the tags as completed through script.
Just refresh it and see that whether you completed or not,
see that you got completed.
Okay?
So okay, so this is the core how you can execute through your lambda, right?
Or if you want a good from your local host.
So your concept is right,
how to take a backup of one snapshot,
EBS snapshot two different region.
After taking that snapshot,
if you want to modify any tags,
right? How you can modify.
So that is the complete code.
Right?
Okay guys, thank you for watching this video.
If you have any queries later this course,
you can ping me on my what's up.
Right?
Okay. Thank you.